[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
[POPUKO]
Welcome, valued customer.
My little Precious here
needs a trimmy-trim-trim.
Sure.
Oh, shit. I messed up.
And how's my little
Precious doing?
Um, it died.
[PIPIMI]
Yay.
[POPUKO]
Hup, hup, hup...
[PIPIMI]
Yay.
[BOTH grunting]
[POPUKO]
Huh? Pipimi?
No!
May I have some
head pats, please?
[PIPIMI]
Oho.
C'mon, you gotta put more
oomph into it than that.
[PIPIMI grunting]
[PIPIMI]
Finger!
[POPUKO]
You're stupid.
[PIPIMI, POPUKO chuckle]
Here. Say, "Ah!"
Ah...
[grunting]
[POPUKO]
Oo feep twying to flam it in
befween muh wipf an gwumf.
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
[GUY A]
A debate!
Let's settle this
with a good debate!
A-A debate? Kinda savage,
don'tcha think? Gulp.
Why don't we settle this
peacefully with some violence?
Did you say violence?!
Stop resorting to violence!
I bet you don't even have
the guts to debate!
And "settle this peacefully with
some violence" makes no sense!
Agh!
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Bob Epic Team.
Oh, no! A giant meteor's
headed right for Earth!
Ah, but look! A master
of the leggy art!
[PIPIMI]
Leg!
Even a master can't
take on a meteor!
But what a great angle!
[PIPIMI]
Leg!
I daresay the angle is perfect!
This is awesome! A great angle!
Great angle, great
angle, great angle!
Ah! But it was such
a great angle!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
"Pop Team Cooking"!
Hello and welcome to another
episode of "Pop Team Cooking."
Today, we'll be doing some
cooking with darkness.
Uh. Darkness, huh? What's that?
We have a rose blizzard
with special meat,
arranged graveyard style.
Okay. What'll we need?
Here's the completed dish.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
[PIPIMI] The long-awaited
brand-new segment...
[POPUKO]
...begins now.
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic B-Side.
[POPUKO]
Pipihara.
[PIPIMI]
Hm?
Pipihara, there's, uh,
something I wanna give you.
Gapao rice dish.
Popuoka.
I, uh, already have a...
Gapao rice dish.
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic B-Side.
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic.
[PIPIMI]
History is rife with it,
suffering brought about
by the lowly mosquito.
However, using their
giant, galaxy brains,
humanity constructed
the ideal solution.
Behold! Humanity's only
hope! Earth No-Mat!
Well, how's that for PR?
[BOSS A] It's a colossal
waste of my time!
Who's ever going to take
bug repellent seriously?
[BOSS A chokes]
[BOSS A]
Mos... quit... o!
[POPUKO] You thought you
could fool us? Fool!
[PIPIMI]
Earth No-Mat!
[AKASHI RECORD A laughs]
[AKASHI RECORD A]
Pipimi, is this it, then?
The extent of the
infinite possibilities
supposedly reserved
for you humans alone?
Pathetic.
[PIPIMI]
I won't lose. I can't lose!
For the sake of this
planet's beautiful future!
[PIPIMI yells]
[AKASHI RECORD A laughing]
[AKASHI RECORD A]
Behold!
As my form evolves...
...once... more!
Uh! Impossible!
[KING RECORDER A]
My name is King Recorder!
[KING RECORDER A laughs]
[KING RECORDER A]
Imbeciles.
While you were all
lollygagging around,
I was releasing smash hit albums
with other, better content--
one gold record after another!
[PIPIMI screams]
[PIPIMI]
Popuko.
If I beat the odds
and make it back alive,
promise we'll--
[inaudible]
[POPUKO]
Oh, Pipimi.
[gasps]
[KING RECORDER A laughs]
[KING RECORDER A] Now you
shall be reduced to ashes!
[gasps]
[POPUKO]
Pipimi!
[KING RECORDER A] Now that I
have rid myself of that pest,
I'm going to create a committee,
and then I'll subcontract.
And continue subcontracting!
[gasps]
[PIPIMI]
No!
Pop Team Epic only
needs one sponsor
to be free to do what they want!
[PIPIMI] If I beat the odds
and make it back alive,
let's get Obari'd.
[POPUKO]
Do you mean it?
Do you really wanna
get Obari'd with me?
[gasps] Could it be?
[gasps]
Po-Popuko!
[KING RECORDER A laughs]
[KING RECORDER A]
You fools!
How dare you spike
production costs
this late into the project!
[POPUKO]
Production costs?
Oh, I see. You know this
is the end, don't you?
[gasps]
[POPUKO]
Let's go, Pipimi!
[PIPIMI]
With our powers combined,
we shall beat the conglomerate!
[POPUKO yells]
[PIPIMI, POPUKO] Biggus
McHugeGuy Combination!
Great Bari Bari Team Epic!
[KING RECORDER A]
Uh! What?
No! How dare you! Impossible!
All the precious power
I had amassed!
The sweet, sweet profits
from my mainstream content!
It's all draining away!
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
King Recorder!
Your coveted budget energy--
we're siphoning it into
our Shitty Manga Drive
and we are now converting
it into Obarit Energy!
[KING RECORDER A] Curse you,
Great Bari Bari Team Epic!
[PIPIMI]
This is...
[POPUKO]
...the end!
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Great Shit Cannon... Full Burst!
[KING RECORDER A]
You insolent fools!
You're just a parody!
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Get bent, loser.
[NARRATOR A] And so,
the peace in Pop Team Epic
was preserved once again.
Thank you very much for
purchasing Pop Team Epic .
Uh, there's people watching
on streaming services, too.
In fact, did anyone out there
actually buy this crap?
If you wanted crap, then you
shoulda bought [beep].
Popuko! You're not
supposed to say that!
Because [beep] makes
you poop, get it?
Because our show is poop?
It sure is! Wait, I mean!
--And [beep] 1000% rules!
--[PIPIMI] What?! Quit lyin'!
I'm not. It's the tasty truth.
[PIPIMI]
Yeah, I guess.
Hey, Pipimi.
You know that money you were
gonna spend on PTE S2 --
Wait, what the hell is PTE S2 ?
Uh, anyway, what are
you gonna buy...?
[PIPIMI]
An island.
So you're not buying PTE ?
Of course not.
I'll just have a copy
sent to my agency, duh.
Oh, right, guess
that's our "privilege"
--for being on this "show."
--I meant my island.
Sent it to my island.
Island?
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic .
[POPUKO]
Welcome, valued customer.
My little Precious here
needs a trimmy-trim-trim.
Sure thing.
[POPUKO grunting]
Oh, shit. I messed up.
And how's my little
Precious doing?
Um, it died.
[PIPIMI]
Pii-pi-pi-pi-pi-pi-pi-pi-pi.
[POPUKO grunting]
May I have some
head pats, please?
[PIPIMI]
Oho.
No, I need you to put a
little more oomph into it.
[PIPIMI grunting]
[POPUKO screams]
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic.
Say "Ah!"
Ah...
[PIPIMI]
Here.
[POPUKO]
Ah...
[PIPIMI]
Here.
Here. Here.
Here, here, here, here...!
[grunting]
[POPUKO] You keep jamming it
between my lips and gums!
Wiener brush for the win!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic !
[GUY A]
A debate!
Let's settle this
with a good debate!
A debate? Kinda savage,
don'tcha think? Gulp.
Why not settle this
peacefully with violence?
Did you say violence?!
Stop resorting to violence!
I bet you don't even
have the guts to debate!
And "settle this peacefully with
some violence" makes no sense!
Agh!
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic !
Bob Epic Team.
Oh, no! A giant meteor's
headed right for Earth!
Ah, but look! A master
of the leggy arts!
[PIPIMI]
Leg!
Even a master can't
take on a meteor!
But what a great angle!
[PIPIMI]
Leg!
I daresay the angle is perfect!
This is awesome! A great angle!
Great angle, great
angle, great angle!
Ah! But it was such
a great angle!
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic .
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
"Pop Team Cooking"!
Hello and welcome
to another episode
of "Pop Team Cooking."
Today, we'll be doing
some darkness cooking.
Uh. Darkness, huh? What's that?
We have a rose blizzard
with special meat,
arranged graveyard style.
Okay. What'll we need?
Here's the completed dish.
[PIPIMI]
Pop Team Epic .
[PIPIMI] The long-awaited,
brand-new segment...
[POPUKO]
...begins now.
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic B-Side.
[POPUKO]
Pipihara!
[PIPIMI]
Hm?
Pipihara, there's something
I want to give you.
Gapao rice dish.
Popuoka.
I, uh, already have a...
Gapao rice dish.
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic B-Side.
[POPUKO]
Pop Team Epic .
[PIPIMI]
History is rife with it,
suffering brought about
by the lowly mosquito.
However, using their
giant, galaxy brains,
humanity constructed
the ideal solution.
Behold, humanity's only
hope! Earth No-Mat!
How do you like that PR?
[BOSS A] It's a colossal
waste of my time.
Who's ever going to take
bug repellents seriously?
[BOSS A chokes]
[BOSS A]
Mos... qui... to!
[POPUKO]
You can't fool us!
[PIPIMI]
Earth No-Mat!
[AKASHI RECORD A laughs]
[AKASHI RECORD A]
Pipimi, is this it, then?
The extent of the
infinite possibilities
supposedly reserved
for you humans alone?
Pathetic.
[PIPIMI]
I won't lose. I can't lose!
For the sake of this
planet's beautiful future!
[PIPIMI yells]
[AKASHI RECORD A laughing]
[AKASHI RECORD A]
Behold!
As my form evolves...
...once... more!
Impossible!
[KING RECORDER S]
My name is King Recorder!
[KING RECORDER A laugs]
[KING RECORDER A]
Imbeciles!
While you were all
lollygagging around,
I was releasing smash hit albums
with other, better content--
one gold record after another!
[PIPIMI screams]
[PIPIMI]
Popuko.
If I beat the odds and
make it back alive,
promise we'll--
[inaudible]
[POPUKO]
Oh, Pipimi.
[gasps]
[KING RECORDER A chuckles]
[KING RECORDER A] Now you
shall be reduced to ashes!
[gasps]
[POPUKO]
Pipimi, no!
[KING RECORDER B] Now that I
have rid myself of that pest,
I'm going to create a committee,
and then I'll subcontract.
And continue subcontracting!
[gasps]
[POPUKO]
No!
Pop Team Epic needs to
have only one sponsor,
free to do what they want!
[PIPIMI] If I beat the odds
and make it back alive,
let's get Obari'd.
[giggles]
[POPUKO]
Do you mean it?
Do you really want to
get Obari'd with me?
[gasps] Could it be?
[gasps]
Po-Popuko!
[KING RECORDER A laughs]
[KING RECORDER A]
You fools!
How dare you spike
production costs
this late into the project!
[POPUKO]
Production costs?
Oh, I see. You know this
is the end, don't you?
[gasps]
[POPUKO]
Let's go, Pipimi!
[PIPIMI]
With our powers combined,
we shall beat the conglomerate!
[PIPIMI, POPUKO] Biggus
McHugeGuy Combination.
Great Bari Bari Team Epic!
[KING RECORDER A]
What? No! How dare you!
Impossible! All the precious
power I had amassed!
The sweet, sweet profits
from my mainstream content!
It's all draining away!
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
King Recorder!
Your coveted budget energy--
we're siphoning it into
our Shitty Manga Drive,
and we are now converting
it into Obarit Energy!
[KING RECORDER A] Curse you,
Great Bari Bari Team Epic!
[PIPIMI]
This is...
[POPUKO]
...the end!
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Great Shit Cannon... Full Burst!
[KING RECORDER A]
You insolent fools!
You're just a parody!
[PIPIMI, POPUKO]
Get bent, loser!
[NARRATOR A] And so,
the peace in Pop Team Epic
was preserved once again.
Thank you very much for
purchasing Pop Team Epic .
Uh, there're people watching
on streaming services, too.
Oh, really?
In fact, did anyone out there
actually buy this crap?
What a waste, you shoulda saved
your money and bought Ts[beep].
Popuko! Don't talk so much crap!
But Ts[beep] is a specimen
of classic Japanese cinema.
What a deal.
Yeah, it is. Wait!
Hey, Pipimi, how will
you spend the dough
you were gonna use to buy
Pop Team Season 2?
Uh, I dunno. I'll prob'ly
buy an Inorin CD.
So you're not
buying Pop Team ?!
'Course not!
I'll have a copy sent
over to my agent, duh.
Guess that's our privilege
for being in this show.
You could say it's the
voice actor's privilege.
Jeez, you're not holding back.
Just braggin' that
you're quasi-famous!
[PIPIMI]
King Recorder!